Before we analyze Nonavox from a
more technical perspective and try
to draw some conclusions,
I would like you to tell us a little
about what it consists of.
First, what are your customer
segments?
Nonavox had two customer segments.
On the one hand, in our case it was
a subscription model aimed at the
segment of pregnant women and moms
of babies up to two years, moms
and dads, and on the other
hand it was also one because
our customers were all brands
that had products aimed at
our B2C customer segment.
Well, that is, connecting, I would almost
say that it is a platform, it has two
sides, that you connect moms and dads,
that I understand that
they are basically moms, which you
said for decency.
Yes, there was as much as 2% of dads.
Because it’s more politically
correct and with brands that
sell products targeted to that
customer segment.
What do you offer to one and what do you
offer to others?
We solved two problems.
To pregnant women and moms we solved
the problem of, especially in the
cases of first-born moms,
you get pregnant and suddenly you
get a lot of questions and you enter
a sector where there are very many
products, five different types
of tatin, five different types of
panels, that if they are braguita
panels, that if they are such,
that if they are not know how
much organic, creams, that is,
you enter a universe of products
in which you know nothing and
of which you usually do not
have time to research.
In the end, it requires
to do tremendous market research
to get to the best products.
Then in a box what I did was, hear,
every month we will go sending the
products appropriate to the stage
of pregnancy or the age of the baby
and your preferences so that
you do not have to waste time
looking and so you can try them
comfortably in your home.
And we solved the problem
of this brutal competition.
It’s a super-segmented market
with a lot of players on
every product vertical where
all brands fight for being
in the top of mind of moms
and many of them also didn’
t have the digital skills
to get it.
Then we offered brands
the way to reach their potential
customers directly, people
who had told us they were
interested, for example,
in using a whisper, because
we sent the product
to brands, but then
we did a market study
because our clients were
encouraged by a point
system to answer questions
about the product that
had sent us to the
brand.
How are revenue generated?
You said subscribers pay
a quota.
Did you have any income from
the marks?
On the part of the marks.
Income or Expense?
Income or expenditure, no one.
That is, brands gave the products
to the boxes of reaching their
potential customers and of that
market study that we offered
them then with the customer
responses to having
used their products.
We came to monetize in some
cases, in more specific
cases, when brands used
us to test different markets.
In a couple of occasions Spanish
brands used us to test,
for example, the German market.
So, as we had customers in Germany,
they sent 5000 products there
and that market study because they
directed it to the interest that
could be generated in that country.
I understand that that line of that
income stream you could have developed
much more, but let’s say that
it’s actually not the core.
The core was the 25 euros a month
a client pays.
The key yesterday was, of course,
the clients were receiving surprises boxes.
The customers didn’t know what
products they would get in the
box the next month.
So, at the level of perceived
value, the value proposal was,
you’re going to pay 25 euros, you
don’t know what you’re going to
receive, but we commit to what
you’re going to receive is at least
twice the value of what you’
ve paid.
That is, at least, the products in
the box will be worth 50 euros and
normally were around 60 to 70 euros
and, in addition, we commit
to that it will be interesting
content and that it will be 100%
adapted to your stage of pregnancy,
the age of your baby and your
preferences and that we will
never repeat the products.
One doubt that arises to me is, the
value that customers perceived is by
knowing products or by using the products
themselves.
There were two legs.
I was on the foot of, hear, it is
that I am discovering products that
allow me to be the most guay mom in
the park or kindergarten because,
suddenly, my child carries a super
niche French brand that has just
arrived in Spain or I have discovered
a super innovative product
that is still not known in
Spain.
And, on the other hand, there
was the cholo mentality we all
have.
Of course, you hear, it is that
I am paying 25 euros and only this peluche
that has come to me in the box is
already worth 25 euros, but it is
that, in addition, I have a cream,
I have a potito and I have two
more toys and a cream between
stars for me, you know?
Then it was those two mentalities
that were very good because they
allowed us to cover a very
wide segment of customers.
It was my mom who thought that
what was most valuable was that, you
hear, because I am discovering
a super exclusive fragrance for
my baby or a super innovative,
super technological product.
And my mom was saying, hear,
that this cream of 15 euros
has already paid me for
what I have paid.
What would you say were the
key metrics of the business model?
Clarely, I believe, as in all, but
in this case more, being a recurring
business, the cost of capture,
but, above all, the recurrence,
that costumer life value and the
churn, that, in addition,
the churn, we did an analysis
of cuts and the churn allowed
us to see the quality
of the boxes.
That is, at the end we had an Excel
in which we saw, you hear, because
if we already know that the clients
stay with us, it depended on the
country, but the average was 14
months.
14 months is high.
That was our big challenge, that is,
the big challenge and all that allowed
us to load ourselves to
the competition in many countries
was the algorithm we developed that
allowed us to make 250 types of
boxes different angles.
These 250
Yes, because you get a box that doesn’
t quarter you and you automatically disabout.
In fact, that was the main reason
why they were giving up their
hands, that was why.
I think of one of the classes
we’ve seen in The Power
MBA and are the different
growth engines.
So, depending on the growth engine,
it is necessary to understand it
very well and monitor some metrics
or others.
So, there is one that is called
sticky or sticky and in which
the company has to be obsessed
with the lifetime, not only
with the economic value,
but with the time limit
and has to permanently monitor
the churn rate.
And so what you say, that was an
absolute almost obsession,
because based on those churn rate
shortcuts you had to analyze whether
you were delivering boxes of
higher quality or less.
Just because our product changed
every month and every month we
launched a new product and the
success that had that product,
the acceptance that had, would
depend on the number of customers
we had the following month.
That is, it wasn’t like a
cosmetic company that has the same
cream and sells it every month.
In our case, we had a product
that was continuously evolving
and we had to be continuously
learning and improving.
Then, the churn was the key metric,
because in the end people are disabling,
they are subscribing again.
Sometimes they give you reasons for
not being dismissed because I’ve
been forgotten, but the numbers don’
t fail, the numbers don’t lie.
So, that churn metric, we knew
we had a churn of 8%, if it went
up a little, that automatically
led us to look first at the quality
of the box and if not, the
logistical parner.
Back again to the class
conclusions we saw about the growth
engine, one of the conclusions
I said about this Sticky growth
engine is that you worry
less about the CPA, all the
metrics have to worry you,
but it’s almost better to
focus on one.
And if you think of a box with a monthly
ARPU of 25 euros, I don’t know
what your CPA was, but the key,
really the lever, the real lever
is the churn, that is, because with
25 euros a month you get to stay
5 months more, that’s much more
sensitive than the CPA, which can
raise you 5 or 10 euros, I don’
t know, you know?
If the churn is the quality
of the product and if
the product is good,
the CPA is down.
Because you end up viralizing more,
if moms are delighted they are your
best ambassadors, but if you
send a bad box a month will affect
you also the CPA, because you
will start creating a bad online
reputation that will make
you cost you a lot more to
get customers.
We, of course, at the end was a product,
one, which was not necessary
and two, which was as very mysterious,
because I said people hostage, that
I will pay 25 euros a month for
something I don’t know what is what
they will send me.
So, in our case, the prescription
of the clients we already had was
fundamental because it was what generated
the new clients security
of the value, I will pay 25
euros, I do not know what they
will send me, but all these are
happy with what they have
received.
So, for us to send a bad box was
an absolute drama because you
not only lost the clients you
already had, but started to fill
the web with bad comments about
your box and automatically raised
the CPA of the new clients because
it cost you a lot more
to give the credibility
that they came with you.
What was the CPA?
The average CPA was 15 euros.
If we think so, it is very clear.
The important thing was not the CPA,
because you would take out 25 euros per
month for each customer.
Only you can improve a little the
product and lower the soil a little
and that instead of 10 months,
to say something, when you are 15,
because every month you get more,
you are already, is that you are
exceeding the cost of customer
acquisition.
In addition, by the business model,
like the product that went inside
the boxes we got it without
cost of the brands.
Our costs were only shipping,
boxing and picking.
That is, nothing more, we had some
margins, depending also on the country,
but of a 60, a 65%.
Then, of course, that impact on the
costumer live value was immediately
noticed by having such high
margins.